# Yelp-s-Worst-Rated-Parking-Lot
**Introduction**

This project was developed using HTML, CSS and JavaScript, with some levels of Postman for fetching certain parameters from Yelp’s API and JSON for the integration into an HTML file. 

I modeled the UI template after Yelp's landing page to give a realistic effect for the end-user. This was executed by mimicking the font type, background image and the color for the button and text. 

The most important part of this project was the integration of Yelp’s API into the HTML file to process information that a client might need. The first step of the project was to fetch Yelp’s API. I successfully performed this task by creating an account with Yelp to attain an authentication key since Yelp needs some sort of authorization beforehand to use its API. I followed the instructions and installed Postman on my laptop to attain the results. I filtered for parameters such as number of reviews, ratings, locations and parking. The results from the search were stored in a separate JSON file.

**Execution**

Using JavaScript, I fetched Yelp’s API and used the appropriate functions to allow the end-user to be able to attain the information needed. Unfortunately, I was unable to successfully retrieve the API. One reason was because the API generated by Postman was blocked by CORS Policy because it didn’t pass a control check. I tried my best to solve this issue but I couldn’t seem to find the solution. 

**Usage**

The live version of the code can be found here ( https://codepen.io/E-Benny/pen/QWadRQd ) on Codepen. This is to allow the end-user to visualize the project without having to download the entire codebase or get confused evaluating the different development languages involved in creating this project. 
Even though this project did not work as expected, I am still proud that I was able to successfully retrieve the specific data from Yelp’s massive API and design a landing page similar to Yelp’s original page. Hopefully, I continue to improve my skills in creating complex web applications.

